in this chapter we will make the
fashion here
we will install ufmt
the peripherals
Firstly
We'll put it on the motherboard.
available for connecting peripherals
we will attach this plate to the cabinet
so here
the holes will be open
lifting fashion board to close it algarve mind
all clubs will be in place in positions of holes
from java
which was attached to the cabinet
then
for fux years
believed
to the cabinet to fix the green fashion
so here
all positions will be available for use reinstalling the
peripherals
and loved and good defense of the plate and thought
that date is the cabinet
we have been completed the gestation of fashion change
to the cabinet
the next step will be the installation
the peripherals and the first one
it's a hard drive
it is placed
in one of the smaller bays where it fits perfectly and today I made and
fixing screw must be compatible with the
with the working holes
the floppy disk is placed on the front of the enclosure by removing
one of the plastic plaques that existed seriously
placing yourself
the floppy drive
outside inside
and in the same way as Manchester
matching the fixing holes with the holes of the bay '
the skate unit will be weighed with a screw
it is important to note that the screw must be placed on both sides of the
cabinet
the orifices of the bay
of the unit being designed are compatible on both sides
the floppy drive, the next step will be
Fixing the unit said daniel
first I had one of the big plastic
cabinet
we put the health unit and not in the same way as the disposal or
From the outside in
and fiction bush
in the cabinet and matching the bar hole with the entrance hole
of the federal unit screw
on both sides of the cabinet
having been attached to the cabinet
the three peripherals the next step is
put the g7 immunization club
which as we talked about earlier is a differentiated club offered
beautifulfont of the cabinet
the proler energy
of the 27
and I tasted of energy
everything went wrong
these produce energy has rounded corners
in a dignified way
you can not put it upside down
as this would cause irreparable damage to the peripheral
then we will connect with the data charges
the candidates have a
red
in Peru
which is usually
dubbed
January 1
this is not suddenly a pattern
but generally these positions have this specification
the red ribbon of the data cable 'should be on the side
of the indexer
in the case of the floppy disk
just easy to check
the position in which the die car will be switched on
in the case of the 20s he is
on the fun side and this way the red stripe
should always be on the side of
of the imagination club
as well as in the cd rom unit it will also be placed on the side
of the director
having been switched on
all power cords
in all data fields
we gave our best completed
practically mounted